1. Determine whether the following statements are true or false:
  a. A subclass inherits all variables and methods from its superclass.
  b. A subclass inherits all constructors from its superclass.
  c. The super() call to the superclass constructor may be omitted if the superclass has only one constructor.
  d. There can be two super() calls in a constructor.
  e. Creating a method with the same name and parameter types as a superclass method is allowed.
  f. Creating a method with the same name and parameter types as a superclass but with different return types is allowed.
  g. A subclass can directly call methods of its superclass.
  h. A relation where X extends Y, Y extends Z, and Z extends X is allowed.
  i. Country extends City is a valid inheritance relation.
  j. City extends Country is a valid inheritance relation.
  k. Apple extends Fruit is a valid inheritance relation.
  l. Grass extends Green is a valid inheritance relation.


2.
  a. Create a class named Oval that has instance variables radius1 and radius2.
  b. Create a constructor in Oval that sets the variables using parameters.
  c. Create a method in Oval named area that returns the area of the Oval (which is Math.PI * radius1 * radius2).
  d. Create a class named Circle that extends Oval. Make the constructor force radius1 and radius2 to be the same.
  e. Create a method in Circle named circumference that returns the circumference (which is Math.PI * 2 * radius).
  f. Verify that the Circle class works by creating an instance of Circle in the main method.
     Both the area and circumference methods should work properly.


Challenge Problem:
3.
  a. Create a class named Point has instance variables x and y (of type double) and a constructor that sets those values.
  b. Create a class named Polygon that contains an array of points and a constructor that sets the array.
     As a bonus, make the Polygon class immutable, meaning that if you modify the array passed through the constructor,
     the array in the object will not change.
  c. Create an instance method in Polygon that takes in an index, an x, and a y,
     and sets the point at the index of the array to a point with the specified coordinates.
  d. Create an instance method in Polygon that takes in an index and returns the point at that index of the array.
  e. Create an instance method that displays the points in Polygon.
  f. Create a class named Rectangle that extends Polygon.
     The constructor should take in a location for the lower left point, a length, and a width.
     Then it should call the constructor of Polygon using an array of points.
  g. Create a constructor in Rectangle that just takes in a length and a width,
     and calls the other constructor in Rectangle, with the coordinates of the lower point as (0, 0)
  h. Create a rectangle with length 5 and width 7 (no specified coordinates should be passed to the constructor).
  i. Display the points of the rectangle using the display method in Polygon.
