1. Determine whether the following statements are true or false:
  a. Instance variables can be accessed in the main method.
  b. Constructors can return things.
  c. Constructors must have void in their header since they don't return anything.
  d. Constructors must have the same name as the class they are in.
  e. Instance methods must have parameters.
  f. Static methods must have parameters.
  g. All methods must have a pair of parentheses when called or defined.
  h. Parameters of a method cannot be accessed outside the method.
  i. Instance methods cannot return anything.
  j. Instance variables can be accessed without an object.
  k. Instance methods can be accessed without an object.
  l. A variable of type String and a variable of type int can be defined in the same statement.
  
2. Count the number of instance variables and instance methods:
class ClassName
{
    int a, b;
    public ClassName(int x, int y, int z) {}
    public void x() {}
    public int y(int u) {return u;}
}

3.
  a. Create a class named RectangularPrism that has instance variables length, width, and height (of type double).
  b. Create a constructor that properly sets those variables using parameters.
  c. Create a method named volume that takes no parameters and returns the volume (length * width * height).
  d. Create 3 RectangularPrism objects in the main method and print the volume of each RectangularPrism.

4.
  a. Create a class named Person that contains instance variables name, email, phoneNumber, and age.
     The name, email, and phoneNumber variables have type String, but the age variable has type int.
  b. Create a constructor that sets the instance variables using parameters.
  c. Create a method named display that takes no parameters and prints all the information of the Person.
  d. Create a method named isAdult that takes no parameters and returns a boolean indicating whether the age is at least 18.
  e. Create a class named Group that contains a Person array as an instance variable.
  f. Create a constructor that sets the instance variable using a parameter (the parameter should also be a Person array).
  g. Create a method named display that takes no parameters and prints all the information of every Person in the array.
  h. Create a method named numberOfAdults that takes no parameters and returns the number of adults in the group.
